Lord, you have come at the right time.
We must absolutely wipe this wanted traitor out the door.
Yes, regarding Wang, this person is guilty of catching Dragon Ball.
My Li family has drawn the line with the plan for a long time.
And let the king of Quang Lang see that his crime has not been judged.
Even if it's certainly not your turn to do it.
You shouldn't be here today.
What?
Even you think I'm white.
You don't deserve to be here, do you?
But all of this.
Isn't that because of you?
Now you're the deal to go to Beijing.
Finally, don't do anything.
I'm doing this for your benefit.
Good for me.
You think I'm still a fool listening to you?
Because you and I become the laughing stock of families.
Family and slaves.
Even these ants make nests.
You also shouted at me.
I really want to thank you for your kindness.
I know you can call the wind to the rain in Kyoto.
Even if you do something wrong.
Even the boss can't do anything.
Big Brother Like Father
No matter what you do too much.
Can you talk to him like that?